chore: Update README (#3643)
medusajs/medusa: README.md

<h4 align="center">
  <a href="https://docs.medusajs.com">Documentation</a> |
  <a href="https://www.medusajs.com">Website</a>
</h4>

<p align="center">

>   Building blocks for digital blocks

Reviewer: Is it intended to be digital blocks? Sounds weird

Author: Haha no - nice catch! Thanks :)

## Getting Started

Visit the [Quickstart Guide](https://docs.medusajs.com/quickstart/quick-start) to set up a server.

> Visit the [Docs](https://docs.medusajs.com/tutorial/set-up-your-development-environment) to learn more about our system requirements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Visit the [Docs](https://docs.medusajs.com/development/backend/prepare-environment) to learn more about our system requirements.
```
